==PDF Export==

'''Version:''' 0.1
'''Copyright:''' 2013 Bryce Campbell

===Description===

This [http://habariproject.org Habari] plugin is supposed to allow users to save posts as PDFs, so that they can print it through things like HP's ePrint.

===Version History===

<ul>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style=font-weight:bold">0.1</dt><dd>Initial Release</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ul>

===Installation===

<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">blog root</dt><dd>path to folder where Habari is installed</dd>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">user</dt><dd>Habari's user directory</dd>
</dl>

Clone this repo or extract the downloaded archive file to the following directory and activate in Habari admin.

<pre>blog root/user/plugins/</pre>
===Support===

If you are encountering issues, feel free to let me know at the address below.

'''Email:''' habari@brycecampbell.me

===FAQ===

<ol>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Why does it take so long for PDF to be made?</dt><dd>In my testing, the time it takes to generate a PDF depends on the amount of (X)HTML sent to the DomPDF script. The best performance I have seen came from using a print stylesheet that has only the post's content, such as title, publication date, and actual content. DomPDF, as packaged in this plugin, should recognize print style rules by default, if theme has any.</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Why does PDF not look exactly like it does when printed?</dt><dd>There are many reasons this can be a result, some of which lies with DomPDF itself, but one issue could be due to print style rules, and this plugin contains only one to hide the PDF link from the printed page and the generated PDF.</dd>
</dl>
</li>
<li>
<dl>
<dt style="font-weight:bold">Can I have multiple posts in one PDF?</dt><dd>No, with the plugin as it is right now, that is not possible and I would focus on manipulating PDF filenames before I even attempt to do this.</dd>
</dl>
</li>
</ol>

===License===

This plugin is lenses under the MIT license. See LICENSE for details.

===Misc.===

This plugin has been tested with Habari 0.9. It is not known if it works in earlier versions.

====DomPDF====

This plugin uses [https://github.com/dompdf/dompdf DomPDF], which is licensed under the LGPL, to create PDFs.

====Configuration====

This plugin cannot be configured in the Habari admin, but if you know how to configure DomPDF, then that should be all that is needed.
